Edits to TDE refresh pr6130 (#6227)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/tde/15/enabling/postgres_to_extended.mdx

- [Create a new database server](#creating-an-encrypted-server):
    - Create an empty directory for the new server and ensure the postgres user owns it.
    - Set the environment variables to export the `wrap` and `unwrap` commands for encryption. 
    - Initialize a server with encryption enabled.
    - Change the default port so the new server is available at another port. 
    - Start the database server.
    - Connect to the database server and ensure it's functioning.
- [Upgrade to the encrypted server](#upgrading-to-the-encrypted-server):
    - Stop both the source and the new server. 
    - Use pg_upgrade with the `--copy-by-block` option to copy data from the source server to the new server. Specify the source and target bin and data directories. 
    - Start the new encrypted database server.
    - Connect to the encrypted database server and ensure the data was transferred. 
- [Clean up and delete the source server](#cleaning-up-after-upgrade):
    - Clean up the database and its statistics. 
    - Remove the source PostgreSQL cluster with the script provided by pg_upgrade. 

## Worked example

> This example upgrades a PostgreSQL 16 instance to EDB Postgres Extended Server 16 while enabling transparent data encryption on an Ubuntu 22.04 machine. The location of the bin and config directories differs depending on your operating system and Postgres versions.

Reviewer: Cap.

> This example upgrades a PostgreSQL 16 instance to EDB Postgres Extended Server 16 while enabling transparent data encryption on an Ubuntu 22.04 machine. The location of the bin and config directories differs depending on your operating system and Postgres versions.

Author: ```suggestion
This example upgrades a PostgreSQL 16 instance to EDB Postgres Extended Server 16 while enabling TDE on an Ubuntu 22.04 machine. The location of the bin and config directories differs depending on your operating system and Postgres versions.
```
